I'm your guest Comptroller Steve Agee please give it up for your game master Spencer
I'm so fat and sad and tired
I know it looks dumb the fucking ad-ad on the fat fat I know I'm just setting myself up but
cares I don't care I'll care about your dumb opinions zero fucks given zero fucks give it
say yeah I hate the kids did you remember I was just I was just sitting today and I was
thinking about the just hit me because we were all paying attention to there was all
too intense at the time it wasn't a time when you wanted to like draw attention to one part
of it but remember that halfway through like right halfway through the horrible headcount
of his victims like hitting its peak that Bill Cosby's Twitter account tweeted go ahead
meme me remember that oh yeah dude and it was like and everyone was just like okay I just
have a I mean like there must have been some like 28 year old kid that was like look you
gotta you gotta go counterintuitive right now yeah you gotta you gotta remind people
of the pudding pops and the and what kids like to do these days is they take a picture
and and and you just like you know those pictures that you threaten to sue people for putting
on the internet because you've always been such a hound dog about your likeness paybacks
a bitch house of Cosby's shutting down motherfucker yeah but but I finally got him I got him full
circle but but anyway yeah I mean what did you how would it look that's crazy that people
are like that someone was like yeah this is I could just put your who cares that's when
they when they send out do the hashtag ask Trump yeah yeah I mean like you can't see
in advance the like what's gonna like that that's not gonna work that the BuzzFeed articles
aren't gonna be showcasing the kindest things anyways whatever it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter because tonight's a supermoon blood moon blood moon yeah it's funny watch it jiggle
the ad ads walking is that cable get the tow cable the ad ad has a death star in it with
a bowling ball that the so Spencer was sitting outside my house why I sure was I'm talking
to the authorities now no Spencer was waiting for me and I was letting my dogs poo poo and
we were gonna we're gonna come to the show and there's supermoon traffic all over Los
Angeles tonight people are very excited about fucked up and a when I came back to the car
you said that no Dustin well I like Dustin well you want you want Dustin to come out
and no he told this story I don't I do not want him out all right all right so Dustin
was also in the car and I can he said the guy because there's people walking all over
Las Feliz I guess they're going up to the Gryffin Observatory to look at the supermoon
and and a guy drove by Spencer's car while they were waiting for me and he stuck his
head out the window as if to ask for directions and said where the moon he just pointed up
did I get that right where the moon where the moon where the moon where the moon like
a New Yorker kind of it's not after I go down to third and there's a you'll see a stop and
go and there's a there's a gas station kitty corner from it you don't know is that a regional
thing kitty corner well anyways it's the moon but also you can't see it from here right
now but you can't drive to it in the best in the best light those people that are walking
up like like up hillhurst right now with like a can of Coors in their hand casually strolling
to look at the moon at the Gryffin Observatory like I have no I don't think they've ever
I don't think they know how far they're walking yeah it's like four or five miles I think
it's like people who see this I can see the looks are from here and then Las Vegas you
know it's like then three hours later you're puking in a bush it's a pyramid it's right
there it's got a big light on it where the moon it's just like a real pyramid is far
away all right I don't know what I'm looking at it's a this is a this is a bunch of notes
about about our delightful guests that we're going to talk about and there's only one thing
that's not that and it says where the moon I was once in my car and I was at the Denny's
parking lot over at Gower Gulch and there were a bunch of guys hanging out in the parking
lot and I overheard one of them go inward the North Star ain't a star it's a fucking
planet and the other guy goes how the fuck do you know it's a planet he goes because
the fucking thing's twinkling motherfucker oh no he goes because it's not twinkling he
goes stars twinkle planets don't twinkle all right that's like a Richard Pryor like
remember Richard Pryor would you dialogue between two two of his two people from the
neighborhood yeah that's how he became famous and Bob Newhart would be became famous for
talking on the phone he do he do phone calls hey hello so anyways I thought who who who
invented luggage what was that phone call about hello the box company yes some of our
boxes do have handles on them well well well well well well well well well well that's
all that's a box with a handle no I'm sorry I can't you know three hours later standing
ovation I don't know how he does it if you if you detecting a little bit of like I guess
I kind of went after Bob Newhart there a little bit yeah and and I and I didn't realize that
I had it in for him but I just I just remembered that I did I did something at the creative
arts Emmys on stage with Joel McHale and when I watched the telecast because I felt
like I killed but it did cut to a shot of Bob Newhart going like he looked like a mosquito
flew up his nose yeah it was like come on your phone space work it was really good though
thank you oh it's a comptroller Steve Agee everybody I'm sorry yeah thank you thanks for
having me on this supermoon Sunday where's Jeff he's he's he's he's he's he had a bad
burrito he's pooping he's pooping yo look at this Pikachu skateboarder you got is that
a weapon that you're you're terrifying Jesus Christ it's plastic it's plastic it shoots
lasers though all right what is helpful what's your name can I ask Mike you're from Canada
yeah oh man yeah Jesus true the world I I guess they have the other the weapons in Canada
are plastic so jokes like that are funnier there don't come near me I hurt people have
you have you have you read a paper from here like in the last three hours we hurt people
like and it's a we're bummed out about it we're trying not to like we're yeah there's
a drunk guy just out back at the nerd melt when I was walking in and I was glad he did
not stab me and just before anyone says anything he was white he was a white drunk man this
is not racial motivated fear that's nice I've got turned out just drunk just I pictured
him as white immediately thank you I guess his name was Frank now fuck do you know his
name is Frank because that's he he he firmly grasped my hand well looking to me you touched
him he touched me that sounded let me make one thing clear and he touched me can I be
Frank yeah Spencer his name is not Frank yeah he just wanted to break down some hardcore
statistics with you about homelessness I was like you could be whatever you want to be
banned don't you know what did he say he grabbed you and he grabbed my hand who was shaking
his like I'm Frank and I was like oh great I'm Spencer and he's like great great great
and he's like and I'm like yeah it's great and he's like I like it and I'm like yeah
I think and he's like your thinking you're thinking and I'm like yeah most of the time
yeah I'm thinking and he's like that's good that's good and then he was just the rest
of the time he was just commenting on how great it was that I was thinking and I thought
he was going to turn into an angry mode at some point.
Like, you know, like, this guy's thinking too much.
But he cooled off, and then he shook someone else's hand,
and then he wandered off.
First of all, that sounds like, he sounds like that smart bot
online, you know, like the one where you're child.
The one where it's just based on previous people's entries.
So even though it's really cool what it says to you,
the conversation doesn't, it only lasts a couple of minutes.
So you go like, hey, how are you?
And it says something amazing.
Like, hey, what do you think of John Travolta?
And you're like, whoa, you like John Travolta?
And he's like, what do you like?
Yeah, that's, that's what it's like.
I like popcorn.
Pop, pop my corn.
And you're like, OK.
That's how it is to talk to my roommate.
When I'm talking to him, it feels like that.
Because I'm just like, hey, how's it going?
And he's like, how you doing?
And I'm like, I'm doing good.
And he's like, doing good is good.
And I'm like, what?
And he's like, doing my what?
And I'm like, Jesus, this is not a conversation.
And he's like, conversations are doing my what?
And then he just wanders out.
I'm like, this guy's a robot.
Remember when we were at that bar in Culver City
and those guys came in?
Oh my god.
And they were trying to like.
Now that was racial motivated fear.
Well, it was because it was like an all, it was like,
yeah, because they were, it was a, what is the, what is it?
It was this old, old white guy's bar.
There's, there's just old, old dudes hanging out.
And then we wandered in and then these Mexican guys showed up
and they were really fucking high, which isn't a problem,
but they seemed to carry on as if,
if people knew they were high, they'd get arrested.
Right.
So it created a lot of tension right off the bat.
And it was not dialed down from that point on.
And it felt like the, it felt like the bigger guy was like
the littler guy's uncle or something.
It didn't feel like they were hanging out as friends.
It was almost like, like this is the equivalent of,
of in the Midwest of being dragged into the woods
to go deer hunting.
And he's just like, come on,
I'm going to take you into this white people's bar
and we're going to, we're going to get yelled at.
And then you'll be a man because he really wanted like,
he wanted to get yelled at, but, but everybody was like,
like, okay, it's like, like, yeah.
So the younger guy, he was really like drunk and high,
but he was having a great time and he just wanted to talk
about football and he was in a great mood
and everyone was loving it.
But we were loving it too much for the older guy.
Cause he thought that we were making fun of the little guy,
but we were just, he was great, you know,
he was having fun.
We were just yes standing him.
He wanted to talk about like moon boots or whatever came up.
Yeah.
And we're like, oh, what about moon boots?
You remember moon boots?
He's like, come on, come on, man, he's drunk.
But then the weird thing is,
then he turned to the kid and go, shut the fuck up.
What did I fucking tell you?
Shut the fuck up.
Fucking embarrassing.
You shut up.
I'm talking.
You shut the fuck up.
No, yeah.
That was a burst that, you know, that was a half burst.
And he would go full burst.
And it happened like 20 times.
But all the time.
And the craziest part of it was that the only,
he kept, no matter what topic came up,
like, like, like, like,
he didn't get the like conflict he wanted.
So it would be like, I'd put my glass down
on top of my laptop on the bar and he'd go like,
you just got to put that there.
And I'm like, yeah, I was like, you want,
you want liquid on your laptop?
And I'm like, yeah, I do.
But it's aluminum, it's fine.
And he's like, okay, man, all right.
And it's like, okay, he cares about my laptop.
That's a good start.
And he's like, hey, man, you don't like night bowling?
Yeah, so I was like, should we talk about bowling?
We're like, we're like, Todd,
he's trying to pick fights about bowling.
And then, but then we're not going to fight him.
So we're just like, like, like,
we're just talking, we're just agreeing
with him about bowling.
And we're like, yeah, there used to be a lot
of good bowling alleys around here.
And he's like, yeah, then what happened?
And McKenna goes, McKenna goes like, well, you know,
like they were real bowling alleys.
And now it's all that night bowling shit.
And he's like, night bowling shit?
And McKenna's like, yeah, you know, like,
like everything's glow in the dark
and there's like ecstasy music playing.
And they're doing that.
They're like three in the afternoon.
And he's like, oh, it's like, and I was like,
and then it's, you know, move on and go like,
hey, what is this?
What does somebody think of this napkin or something?
But the guy kept focusing on McKenna and he's like,
so you don't like night bowling, huh?
It's like, yeah, something like that.
What are the, what are you, you are the,
if the idea is that this is threatening,
your gang is the worst.
And then the other guy would be all like, yeah, man,
night bowling, it's like the balls are green.
He's like, shut the fuck up, shut up.
Shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up.
You shut the fuck up, you shut the fuck up.
You shut the conversation.
I'm not, that's not an exaggeration.
It was like the craziest like ventriloquist act turned,
like some fucking weirdest shit.
All right, yeah, I mean, there's nothing more to say about it.
That was the whole incident, basically, yeah.
And it's really hard to tell that story as funny as it is
because we live in sensitive times and you don't want,
you don't want old, old white fat Dan Harmon
doing a fucking awesome Mexican accent and doing his impression
of this guy is like, like, you know, as Donald Trump says,
lots of them are wonderful people.
And so many of them are probably listeners
and I don't want them to hear me doing like
some kind of fucking Jose Jimenez or whatever the, you know.
It was, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up.
He was that archetype and he had that accent
and he was like cut that silhouette
and was like trying to like chest up about night bowling
with Chris McKenna at three in the afternoon in Culver City
next to a shuffleboard.
McKenna's a big dude.
Oh, they eventually they got the, they just like,
I can't remember what the final topic was, but it was like,
it was probably like McKenna didn't like Smurfs or something.
It was, yeah, it was like, well, what's that supposed to mean?
And McKenna's like, okay, come on.
Like, that's enough.
And then the bartender said, okay, guys get out of here.
And then they just, they just did, they just like,
yeah, they were nice about it.
You don't like day drinking?
Yeah, I mean, I wish, I wish you could like,
like bring those guys in through a pneumatic tube
and just like ask them questions like the,
like the aliens in ID for you or something like,
like just have a dialogue without there being any kind of
resentment or anything, but just, just like,
what, what, what do you want from us?
You could fight, why, why about night bowling?
There's so many things to fight about.
I'll fight about anything.
I was drunk.
I don't know.
You can feel, it was weird because you could feel like
the socioeconomic like power structures at play
and everyone was trying to like avoid around them
and not get into like, you know,
everyone was trying to tiptoe around everybody else,
but that got everyone so stressed out that it came to a head.
But you could like see it happening.
It was just a bunch of car wrecks
as people were trying to accommodate the other
and then just not doing a great job of it.
Yeah, it's like the, the, the 50s or 60s like scenario is
totally unassuming minority person walks into a
unfree white establishment and, and much to their shock,
the white people are, are, are following some code
that they now are finding out existed
and it's very traumatic for them.
And it's no better now.
Now it's just as bad, except it's just like,
it's all kind of like, it's like one person walking in
and going, well, this is going to be bad.
And then everyone at the bar going like,
oh shit, we're all white, aren't we?
Ah, ah, ah, don't think about it, don't think about it.
And like everything getting so complicated
that you're in an argument about, about pinballing.
And every, but meanwhile everything's fine,
but everyone's just worried.
Anyways, let's, let's, let's, let's,
let's make a new friend, shall we?
I'd love to, Dan.
But really an old soulmate, if you think about it,
I was reading her book today.
And yeah, her, her, her story is very, very interesting.
So her latest book is sort of a memoir
and takes you through the whole, her whole origin
and, and everything.
And like, I like, I also got, it got,
it gets very like surprisingly kind of like revelatory,
self-exploratory and like confessional.
But it's also very, very, very lighthearted and adorable.
But it's a, it's a, it's a good book.
You should check it out.
We'll let her talk about it and plug it and you can buy it
cause I'll probably get the title wrong,
even though I just read it, because I really listened to it.
So it's just an arrow to me.
Just go out to the store and buy the black arrow.
It's four hours and 12 minutes at the speed 1.25.
Please welcome someone who has never, ever called herself
the queen of the nerds, but is called that
by other people, Felicia Day.
I think they like it when you sit near Jabba.
Hello.
Oh.
All right.
So I tell this to everybody, but it's, it's, it's,
what you'll notice is it's five degrees hotter up here.
So you can see me sweating.
It's your beard.
It's not because I'm fat.
It's a, it's cooler out there.
I would.
Yeah. If you shaved your beard,
it'd probably be a lot cooler.
No, let me speak to that real quick.
Oh shit.
A beard is actually much like a heat sink
where the face heat and sweat, it travels down the beard
and dissipates, well, dissipate.
It dissipate.
Well, I mean, most people would call it dripping, but.
I'm going to start coughing like a cat in a hair ball,
which is the last thing you want to wake up to ever.
Oh man.
That thing.
That's my alarm.
Hi.
You leap right off.
All right.
Felicia Day, thank you for coming.
It's, it's, it's, it seems like overdue that you're here.
To me, it does anyway.
I don't know.
I don't know what you think of.
I mean, you invited me.
I would have been here.
I would have been here yesterday without an invite,
which would have been creepy.
Oh, okay.
Cause I feel like I'm, I'm, I've always, I've always,
you've always been out there on my radar, but I've always been.
I mean, one thing that we will be talking about is how,
I think we're both workaholics.
I think you expounded on, I mean, you're definitely
diagnosable and like had to, had to overcome it.
Like I'm.
Thanks, Dan.
But I mean, you're also now, you've gotten past it.
And I was like hearing your book and going like,
I'm fucked up and I gotta, I'm not, I'm not through this.
I've seen way more together in that book.
Like I, just the other day I was like,
well, you're not working on anything.
Go ahead and die.
So, I mean, it's still there, but at least I'm,
I can acknowledge the fact that, oh, you're a workaholic.
You should definitely go play Witcher.
Because you're working on yourself.
Right.
My therapist says that when I'm playing Witcher,
I'm actually just satisfying an addiction
to the nervous system being like kind of stressed out.
But I'm not.
Is that true?
I mean, she's not like anti-video game.
Sounds like it.
Well, I mean, it took her a long time to get there.
Like she never said, stop playing video games.
She's like, come on.
Like, how, like, how come you're not relaxed
after you play these things?
Which is like, makes me think of my mom,
like when you were 10 years old and you'd go like,
god damn it, and your mom would call out
from the other room like,
why do you play a game that makes you so upset?
Oh, cause, oh, cause you loved stick ball so much, you bitch.
What, kick ball or stick ball?
Shut up.
You never speak perfectly either.
I'm gonna get paid to do it one day.
What, speak?
Yeah.
Okay, you can't even walk on a balance beam
or use right-handed scissors.
You use left-handed scissors?
I had to, well, I can't use any scissors.
I couldn't.
My mom had to talk the principle
into not holding me back in kindergarten.
Oh, you're kidding, that happened to me.
That happened to me the one year I actually went to school,
they wanted to put me in the slow class
because I held, I scissored toward myself.
Because you're not supposed to be able to read
at a college level.
The tests have nothing to do with reading comprehension.
They put you on a balance beam.
What?
That's like how you test a cat.
Oh.
What does that have to do?
Oh, this person's gonna need to balance?
Another thing that happened to me,
I had only vivid memories from the one year I went to school
and then I was sequestered for the rest of my life,
which we'll talk about.
There was a girl named Jennifer
and she was balancing on the balance beam
because we had a thing we had to do.
Bitch poked me in the eye with her nail
and I had to be a pirate for two years in a row at Halloween.
Was this during the, was this a high stakes balancing thing?
I don't, no, it was some, you know,
we all knew we had to like show the teacher
that we were gonna go across the tires.
So we were like, let's study
because that was what we were calling back then.
You could have been Rooster Cogburn.
You didn't have to be a pirate.
Thank you.
Or Snake Plisken.
True grit.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, I was just telling the story last week
about when I went to daycare
and a girl stick a crayon in my mouth
and I was just a distinct memory of the violation,
the poking, the probing.
What color was it?
It was red.
Ew.
She was trying to play lipstick.
I think she had a crush on me.
I gave her that credit.
Okay.
Listen to the episode.
It's great.
But so since we're there,
I mean you keep saying the one year I went to school
because like, I don't know
if I've ever met a homeschooled person.
Like, and I certainly wouldn't picture them as like, you know,
even though I think one of the stereotypes is like
that they're not, they're more, they're, they're,
they're capable, they're capable,
but you know, but you know, you know, yeah,
I wouldn't, I wouldn't guess like, oh, homeschooled,
but, but yeah, I mean,
You don't like homeschooled?
Shut the fuck up.
I can shut up.
But your, your mom, your mom pulled you
and your brother out of school when you were kids
because, and it's because you, you were hoisted
by your own petard, as we say on this show.
Petards are special pants made of pride.
I'll explain later, but the, you, you,
there's some, sorry, like, like,
because it was like a paroch, it was like a,
We went, we moved to Mississippi.
So we were from Alabama, which was already a problem.
And then we were moving to the Gulf Coast of Mississippi,
which was a big problem because that was Hickville
to the people in Alabama.
So that was Sub Hickville.
And then my mom was concerned
because all my family is very highly educated
and it was like the worst school system in the world.
So she was like, let's call one place.
They make you wear uniforms.
Nope, you're not going to school.
That was, it's, that's it.
Yeah.
Literally what she did.
But in your, in your mom did a, you know,
the kind of job I think we all picture ourselves doing
as we tried to teach our kids in homes, as homeschooling.
The beginning of the day slipped to around Nunesh and,
Yeah.
She ordered all these like, it's called Calvert School
and it's what missionaries use to teach their children.
And they literally come in just white books,
kind of like the, the, the generic cereal at the grocery.
Why are you creepily taking pictures of me?
Don't worry.
You don't like photos?
You don't like photography?
Weird angle.
Anyway.
That's good, trust me.
No, that sounds broken.
I'll post it on Instagram.
You'll see.
It's a cool photo.
He is, he is a good photographer.
Filter it up.
Um, yeah.
So anyway, she, she, she ordered all these books
and we were like, yeah, learning.
And then she never woke up like before noon.
So I would be like, well, I'm going to educate myself.
So I would have a strict regiment of like
lost in spaces at 10 a.m.
You better do three math problems before then.
And I felt like, yeah, I'm really educating myself.
Like that, that was the totality of my childhood.
Basically programming myself around old noir films,
musicals, old science fiction things,
and then eating buffalo wings at the TGI Fridays.
And at one point you're like a violin prodigy
and that's like actually you're, you're, you're,
you're one of these kids that's in college
at the age of 16 or whatever, which is like,
like worms are in Revenge of the Nerds.
The, but what, what, how old were you when this,
this weird chapter happened where your mom
was grooming you to be the new Selena?
Okay, it's true.
Okay.
It was such a strange like flash.
I mean, we were living in San Antonio
and that's the heart of, of Tejano.
So I don't know why you would think it would be inappropriate.
I mean, I don't speak Spanish or sing or speak Spanish
or any of the things that you need to do
to be a Tejano star, but that does not,
my mom's the kind of person who will,
well, first of all, she, I just found out the other day
that she crashed a car into somebody in Austin
and immediately got out of the car
and was like, I'm Felicia Day's mother.
And it actually worked.
It worked situationally in Austin,
but then it got-
Because she hit Wil Wheaton.
Yeah.
Who is just driving around your mom's neighborhood.
With Steve's camera, but no, she's the kind of person
who we would go, when she would eventually wake up,
we would go into the mall for hours while she browsed
and we would sit inside the merry-go-round of shame.
You know, you just get in there as kids
and you're like, just twirl the clothes around me
and I'll be in a different place.
Please God.
But she would tell the Clinique sales woman
about my pirouettes and I would be forced to do pirouettes
to everybody in the makeup department at like 9 p.m.
So this is, I mean, she's very enthusiastic with my abilities.
So whenever she met somebody
who could possibly make me more of a star,
she would glom on to them
and one of them happened to be a Tejano producer
who had a garage that he recorded music in.
And therefore that was like a door opening
to my star happening as a Tejano singer,
which is kind of an accordion Hispanic Tex-Mex music
if you're not familiar with Tejano.
It's very jolly.
And not to get grim, but in the book,
the closer on that chapter is that then,
was it Selena that she got?
Selena, she got tragically was.
She was not happy.
Yeah.
But like, I mean, I don't know were you like,
was that really the reason why it kind of came to a close?
Oh no, yes.
She thought it was dangerous at that point
because Selena's manager murdered her.
No, this is a terrible story.
It's like, have you played Life is Strange?
The video game?
I actually did play like a couple levels of it.
Yeah, so I don't want to spoil anything,
but some deep stuff happens involving like assault.
And why did you?
That's crazy shit, man.
Anyway, so I'm streaming it.
And I'm like, oh my god, she was date raped.
So I'm like laughing uncomfortably,
which I'm doing right now, too, because I'm sweating,
but I'm talking about that in any jovial way.
And can we change the subject?
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But oh, is that, I wonder if that's the thing that people,
yeah, I didn't know the game went there.
I stopped playing it because I was like, this is girl shit.
But I enjoyed it for a little while.
You don't like feelings?
I knew it was, I knew I was making a joke.
I knew it was girl shit when I bought it.
I mean, there's a girl that says Life is Strange.
It doesn't have an explosion on it.
And I was like, this is girl shit in a good way.
I'm 42.
I'm the equivalent of a girl when I'm playing video games.
So I'm not 15.
I don't want to get on a headset and yell anti-Semitic things
at people that may or may not be Jewish.
And I thought it was really, really interesting, that gimmick
that they, because that's how we've always played games,
is that you save your place and then you go back.
And the way that they made it part of the narrative was.
Yeah, you can rewind time and be able to.
Well, did you ever play, well, I could talk about video games
all day, but Brayd has also, did you ever
play that because you could rewind time?
No, what did you watch?
Yeah, Brayd, it was kind of one of the first big Indie
games, Brayd, yeah.
And I think he has a new game coming out just very soon,
but after like seven years.
But Brayd, it's kind of like a more, not really Mario,
but it's Mario-ish in that those are the kind of levels,
but you have to be able to rewind time to actually get
through the levels.
So it's a thinky game.
It's a hipster game, which is, I'm not putting it in.
Well, OK, so a little bit more about hipster video games.
Did you play the Juno and Green Lantern?
Yeah, the hard rain sequel, the heavy rain, what the fuck?
Oh, it's like, no, oh, Beyond Two Souls?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, that was not good.
You didn't like that?
Oh, I don't know.
No, I don't think that makes you a bad person.
I'm like, oh, I really enjoyed that,
and I hated the rain game.
I didn't like, yeah.
I thought it was so dumb, and it was the exact same mechanics,
but it was like, oh, they figured it out this time,
because I was enjoying being Juno and having a psychic friend
and coming of age, and the lowest of all of them.
That was not a girl game?
No, I was obviously being glib when I said girl game.
I'm like, I know who I'm talking to,
and the fact that half of the point of this interview
and your career has been that there is no.
Ladies play games.
The irony being, and we were going
to get to this eventually, that you're describing
your early life, which is very, very parallel to mine.
You're experienced with this new technology
when we're at that age.
You and I were both the first people
that we ever held hands with or kissed,
were people that we met on computers.
And back then, ironically, there was way more,
there was less bubbling fury.
There was a more welcoming, more equal world
gender-wise back then.
I think because it was nerds against the world,
and now that it's so ironic that all this time later,
that there's so much more of this division.
We didn't even, I mean, it officially became a division,
like a cultural division, which is so odd.
But I guess it's not odd when you've
realized that the technology turned mainstream.
And so back then, it was like, you had to be, you know.
You had to make efforts.
You had to get that modem to dial at the camera.
Yeah, and if you were the kind of person that was capable of
having that much hatred of anybody,
you were probably better at football than, like, you know,
probably you landed on that side of the bubble.
And we're like, I'll just play football.
This shit's hard.
Like, you know, dial up a phone.
And that's like, well, my mom needs to use it.
Well, I tried to get one of those hacker, you know,
I don't know, it's a, there's a hacker magazine,
2600 or something like that.
I remember trying to get one of those.
And I'm like, I'm going to be a hacker.
I was like, they're the coolest.
And I, or involved like opening, like shimming up a
telephone line and opening it and knowing wires.
And I was like, I guess I'll just play the game.
Wait, you went up an actual in real life.
No, in the, well, no, they were like, basically in that,
in that magazine, which I think is still going on,
that they would really show you how to hack phone lines.
Oh yeah, yeah.
In order to-
Freaking.
Yes, with a P.
Long distance freaking.
Freaking.
I did that successfully a bunch.
Did you really?
Yeah, I wasn't, I didn't earn it,
but I just like, I got codes and numbers and things.
And I tried, I used it till I call places and not get
charged.
And I called like naughty, naughty things that,
that charge you, but didn't get charged.
Cause I used like this code.
So you called sex lines?
I, I just, I see.
How old, how old were you?
Dan, how old were you when you were doing this?
39.
I don't know.
It was probably like 15 or something, 14.
You didn't pay these women?
They weren't even women.
They were recordings.
I will, yeah.
I was not like, I'm going to talk to a lady.
Like.
I don't know how it works.
I did that.
I don't even know, I don't know either.
Cause I tried it once.
I was just like, oh man, all these like 900 numbers
that are about sex and stuff.
And I was like, but, and I was like, oh,
so can you use these numbers, like this system to like
call one of those things and not get charged?
And I tried it and it was just like,
you very quickly found out that it was just,
you know, it's just garbage.
Like they're just trying to trick people into paying for
what is like a big long message, you know, hang up.
Well, if you want some hot, juicy action,
why don't you press three?
And I'm like, okay, I'll take it hot, juicy.
And then like, and it was just like,
like, like recordings after a while.
I was just like a woman, like there's like a recording
of a woman going like, late at night,
I like to wear my bathrobe and I hope my man comes home
and gives it to me.
Oh, like, it was just, and it was just like
a shitty recording.
Like it was all like.
It's still pretty hot.
You figured it out.
Cause I abandoned it the minute I bought one.
Well, and then I never did it again.
I was like, okay, there's that.
And who am I going to call in Hong Kong?
Like, but I wanted to be like Matthew Broderick, obviously.
And of course everybody did.
Or like a William Gibson that you try to read that you say,
oh yeah, I read that what you did.
No, I didn't read.
Yeah.
So it was all Matthew Broderick and Albert from
little house of the prairie and that whiz kids show.
Remember whiz kids?
Oh my God.
I didn't want to watch whiz kids.
It lasted like 13 episodes and it was like, you know,
at the height of that stuff is like Max Gale
for who was Wojahowicz from Barty Miller played a cop
who would go to this whiz kid.
It was just a total, like it was just taking war games
and saying, okay, let's make a TV show.
So it was like a good natured cop going to a analog
for Matthew Broderick's character in fucking
not the producers war games.
That would be a different show.
And there was like a cute,
there was a cute Allie Sheedy type that was like his tomboy
kind of like hoodie, hoodie wearing for a friend,
friend, platonic friend.
Yes.
Until the time where she put a dress on you.
He was like, whoa.
I mean, what do you mean I have to wear a dress
and let my hair down in order to get this microchip
from the dance.
God, no, no, no, he would hack his refrigerator.
Like they would show him,
this is how magical people thought computers were.
They would show him like typing in his bedroom
and then in the kitchen, his refrigerator would open
and his mom would go, oh,
and he'd go, sorry, mom.
He's just hacking the refrigerator to open.
And then he would like hack traffic lights
and hack like, you know, he just hack everything.
But I just read the other day that you could hack a car
now because the onboard computers are so complicated
that you could actually hack a car and drive it for somebody.
Yeah, that's how they killed Michael Hastings.
What?
Yep.
The government killed Michael Hastings
because he got too close to the truth.
I remember this.
I mean, yeah, what did he do?
He just did a lot of really, you know,
really reaching journalism that put a, you know,
revealed a lot of corruption in a defense.
Oh, was that by Moza?
The guy who died by Moza?
Yeah, no, that's the guy.
And it was the big, you know, the big burnt patch of grass.
I know, I saw that.
Yeah, the government released a statement that said,
Michael Hastings definitely was not killed
by a hacked computer or hackers hacking his computer.
But just as a completely unrelated public safety note,
if you were hacked, if your computer is hacked
and you were killed, it would look exactly like this.
I would reiterate that it is completely.
They actually said something along those lines.
It's like, this is what it would look like
if your car was hacked.
It would explode like this.
It didn't happen.
There'd be no way to know if it happened,
but we know it didn't happen.
So it's just like the most weird,
the most suspicious thing anyone could do.
If you're out there and you're close to the truth,
maybe get a little further from it.
That's all we're saying.
Yeah.
This guy got too close to a telephone pole.
You stay away from the truth.
Stay away from your refrigerator
because somebody might be able to hack it.
So anyways, back then,
sorry, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue.
The big plot point of your career
is World of Warcraft,
because obviously,
or maybe not obviously for people listening,
like your community,
the weird metric to use.
But I'm narcissistic, so I'm reading a book
and I'm only understanding it through parallels
through my life, which is happening at the same time.
The world's shittiest biopic would be like cutting back
and forth between what's going on with you
and what's going on with me.
And we don't know each other,
but it's like, I don't know.
There would be no reason to do it
other than the fact that it structurally works out
really perfectly.
Because it's like, during season four,
it was interesting reading it.
But your community is based on your community college,
which is you experiencing World of Warcraft,
and you got seriously like,
I was surprised at your description
of how hard the addiction was.
And it sounds on paper,
just as you're describing in one line,
like video game addiction.
First of all, you have a tendency to laugh it off
because it seems like a silly thing to be addicted to.
Second of all, with the extent that you do start
to take it seriously,
you would therefore then lose all respect for the game.
But you weave those highway cones
because you're like, this is fucking serious shit.
Like I, my life got,
because it started as a great thing
that made you feel good.
Like at a low time in your life,
you were like, you were already trying to act
and doing these auditions,
and you're sort of,
you're not actually expressing yourself,
you're not close to the truth with your art.
And then you start playing World of Warcraft
and it starts putting you in a good mood
and you start feeling like
you actually are on honest ground.
And then all of a sudden it kind of takes over your life
and you stop going on an auditions
and you stop doing everything.
And you described it like in a way that made me go,
oh wow, this is real.
Cause I mean, I do have,
I do have friends who the World of Warcraft,
like, like, like, like took them out,
took them off the grid of life.
Yeah, I mean, it was, I mean, I've seen that happen.
Obviously it happened to me,
but I wanted to, in my, I didn't want,
I hate it when people are like,
oh, the inherent nature of that video game
will ruin a person's life.
Cause I think that's bullshit.
And it's a simple excuse for people's problems.
You could say it about pudding or,
Exactly.
A pudding at it.
I mean, I don't,
Or night bowling.
Night bowling?
It's really awesome.
But to me, you know, I was,
I mean, the irony was when I was actually making a living
as an actor, a great living.
Like you can work four or five days a year
and you're a commercial actor and you can make,
you can have a great career.
You make enough money to live
and then you have no fulfillment in between.
And you can only take so many classes
or go to coffee with so many actors
and complain about your agents
before you feel like, oh, this is not working for me.
This isn't doing anything good.
So my brother invited me to play World of Warcraft
and I was like, whoa, I'm a warlock
and I'm good at this guys.
And it turned into this thing
where I was getting a sense of fulfillment inside
by just playing more and more and more.
And I don't think it's inherently bad.
And I think there, if you can moderate your behavior
that it's an amazing social and justifiable
social outlet for you.
And increasingly, as we have these online worlds
that are as important as our offline worlds,
you can't denigrate somebody's online life
as being escapism or destructive
because we're all gonna be living in a void one day.
We're all gonna be staring at the construction
of our walls that we want to,
which in my case will be probably a Normandy castle
with some fairy servants.
And we're all gonna be walled off into these gardens
and whether that's good or bad.
Like, to me, I think that sense of fulfillment
that I got connecting to actual people
behind those other characters was very important to me.
And I will always treasure those friendships
and those raids and those clothing items
that I won on the raids and helmets and things like that.
But the problem was I didn't have anything to do with my life
and I didn't know what to do to get out of the mire
of the acting and to get ahead.
Because as you said, I went to college really early.
I was a straight A student and I was like,
I don't know where else to work hard
to get ahead in this business because it's not merit based.
And so I just, you know, World of Warcraft is merit based.
I was a potion master, you know?
What does rock bottom look like in a World of Warcraft addiction?
I mean, I remember a couple examples from your book.
I mean, it definitely looks like having,
I mean, I'm a very organized person.
I love to-do lists, but I would make a to-do list
about what I needed to do in the morning
to do World of Warcraft better.
So I would literally have a strict like 8.15,
you need to wake up and have a coffee
and then log on by 8.30 so you could do
a half hour of farming of Dreamfoil.
And then you have to commute from Ash, you know, Ashara
to whatever other region is to get the other herb.
And then you have to start this herb.
And I would literally like list it out.
I had a very comprehensive,
I would have been a really good WoW secretary for anybody.
But you also described your internet going out
and you driving around in your car crying
because the internet was out.
Yeah, yes, that happened too.
And yeah, so all those things kind of added up to
like having two, three characters and, you know,
playing 12, 14 hours a day and then going to sleep,
dreaming of being a cartoon character
and then waking up with an agenda
to be more cartoon characters.
And it was inherent in just a place that I was in life
that I used that as sort of a balm to fill the hours
that I didn't know what else to do with
because I didn't know how to be fulfilled otherwise.
So, I mean, I got out of it because I got in a support group
which is terrible.
I hate saying that word, it's just so dorky.
Based on the secret, which is even worse.
But anyway, it actually got me, shut up, Steve.
I feel ya.
Remember the secret?
I do.
Nope.
Yeah, of course, it wasn't that long ago.
It was, it feels like, I'm saying that.
It was like five to six years ago.
Six years ago.
Yeah, and so basically I had this group of women
who were like, hey, come out and share your victories
every week and my only victory was like,
I leveled, got a new helm and they were like,
I don't understand this, this gaming.
And you justified that by saying you're gonna
write a pilot about that world and you eventually did.
Like you have a valley in there where you're like,
you're like, this addiction is more,
it's not like you're going from the joy of World of Warcraft
to writing a pilot about it.
It's like, wow, I mean, like you're like,
bottoming out.
You're like a junkie on World of Warcraft,
but then you get out of it by stopping playing it
and writing about it instead.
And as you write this pilot,
and then like you and your friends from that group
based on the secret, like.
I mean, it was tangentially,
I did not know it was based on the secret.
They read like the back cover of the secret
and said, you can do whatever you want.
And they're like, let's form a group then.
Okay, no, no, don't say, was that really the truth?
Because that would be even sadder.
No, I didn't know it was on the,
I think it was just tangential in the forming of the group
before I was there and I don't mean to, now I'm sweating.
Anyway, so it was fine.
It was four or five ladies and every week we'd get together
and I wrote the script and nobody wanted to make it
because they were like,
I don't understand how you use a computer
to talk to other people with a game
because that was seven, eight years ago
and people were not that savvy
and YouTube had just started.
So my friend was like, let's shoot it and put it online.
And that was literally the start of everything I've done.
Just kind of braving the terror
and deciding to pick up a camera and shoot.
Yeah, and you hunkered down
and like the description of the shit,
the amount of work that you guys put into that thing.
Well, not accepting help from a system that was like,
well, we'll do this, but we'll own it all and stuff
and you repeatedly kept resisting that urge
and we're really one of the first,
I mean, because this is back again,
another, you know, I'm going like, I remember then,
I wasn't paying any attention to what you were doing.
I had my head on my own ass, but it was channel 101.
It's like.
I did a couple of those like randomly
and I thought that was, I mean,
but I never would be, I acted in a couple,
but I never would have been brave enough to pick it up
because I didn't have any experience filmmaking, you know?
I mean, what you did was like revolutionary
and that it was internet video before internet video
was a thing, right?
Thank you.
Yeah.
Channel 101 predated YouTube,
but then you're doing this in like a slightly post YouTube
world, but it's like, it's all the beginning.
And like certainly the idea of a web series, like now,
I mean, y'all rocked my favorite.
That's what called the cards is.
Of course, about the guilt.
Yeah.
Oh, thank you.
We haven't said it.
Yeah.
My web series is about the guilt.
It was called the Gild.
The Gild.
But yeah, the Yacht Rock was one of my favorite things
in the world.
Like, it's truly a masterpiece of cinema.
Thank you.
It does.
We were in that.
We were in it.
DeMorge was in it.
But the guilt lasted six seasons?
Six years.
It was six years of videos.
And we actually weren't on YouTube
except for the first season.
So we shot the first three episodes
and I tell in traumatic detail about shooting in your house,
which is not a fun thing because people will go number
two in your toilet copiously.
And then you'll have to clean it later,
which is I'm a hypochondriac.
I don't want anybody else's poop in my house.
And I have to say that that's the one chapter where it was
like, she lost me because of my channel 101 background.
I'm like, I'm like, I would not with not thinking
that you're a bad person, but just thinking like,
oh, no, we might have not been friends or something
if we had encountered it.
Because I'm like, yeah, I left a Diet Coke can
under your couch mattress.
I fucking, I was a boom operating for eight hours.
It's your show.
OK, listen, I was trying.
I had to read.
That was actually the hardest chapter to write
because I wrote it because I don't know if you,
you start to believe your own mythology
or you're just so used to telling people about the story.
And I was so grateful and I was like,
I would list every single person who came for free.
And my editor was like, this is not good.
Like no one, I understand that you
want to thank the Kenny, who is your podcaster, who
showed up to set every single day.
And you know, and all these other people
that you're listing who volunteered, Colleen and Bob,
who were furries and they donated their furry costumes
to see that by like, and I would go in copious lists of trying
to thank everybody.
And then in that chapter, she was like,
you have to be funnier.
So that was why I took the angle.
And yes, the Coke can ring on my dining room table
pisses me off because I had to do like a monk guest star
to pay for that table because I was going to go to Ikea.
But I was like, oh, I got a guest star.
I could get a table, a real lady table.
So that's ironic because monk doesn't, he doesn't,
he's like, Sherlock Holmes, but he hates soda rings
on the table.
He's like, you didn't use a coaster.
You murdered him.
And they're like, no, I didn't.
He's like, who are you going to believe?
I'm a monk.
I've never seen the show.
You got it.
You nailed it.
But well, I agree with your publisher who ever said that
because it's a couple of pages or 20 minutes of audio
during which I'm like, well, come on.
Who cares if someone uses a coaster?
But it's important because you're planning the seats there
because this turns out to be a very actually needlessly,
because it could have been a good book anyway,
like you're a likable person and you're sharing your story
and people want to hear it.
But you really crucify yourself as it goes.
You walk all the way up Golgotha with this
and it starts with diet Coke rings on the table,
but you're taking that somewhere and you're
very, very confessional and thorough about chronically
a nervous breakdown.
Yeah, which started way earlier than I would've
would've thought and not before I wrote about my story.
Well, you used the word panic attack from the beginning.
And I was like, I wonder if she means real panic attacks
or if she's a, but.
Oh, no, real ones.
Like I can remember vividly.
I auditioned for, and it was actually when I kind of broke
away from acting and it was just like,
I'm going to do the web thing for a while.
I was testing for a show called like Samantha Who,
which was a Christina Applegate show.
And it was me testing against Melissa McCarthy
and an Asian girl.
And I was like, and it was Melissa McCarthy
before she was Melissa McCarthy.
And.
It's when she was just Asian.
Yeah.
It's weird, she had a lot of surgery.
It's interesting.
I mean, her community came down on her so hard
about that surgery, but it turned out it made her a superstar.
It really did.
They always say, don't get the surgery.
Be true to yourself, except don't in Hollywood.
But I went in and I tested for that.
And I literally had such a panic attack that I could not.
I mean, my hand was, I'm not kidding.
It was the most, and when I had a panic attack,
and I noticed, you know, in going through a lot of therapy
and stuff like that, like, oh, you were plagued
with panic attacks your whole life.
And out of body, like kind of looking like, wow,
you're terrible.
Like I could see what you're doing and it's not effective.
And it was so bad.
The audition, I walked out, and it was the most ashamed
I've ever felt in my whole entire life.
And at that point, I was just like,
I think I need to back off and just do the web more.
But I don't know where I was going with this.
It was very traumatic.
Oh, the panic attack.
It's the guilt that starts to consume you.
Ironically, you create this thing.
And again, I relate to this, like you're
at the height of your, you know, your story goes
from a meeting with the goddess, which
is like Comic-Con and you're hanging out with Joss Whedon.
And you're like, I can't believe I built myself
without permission.
You use the phrase without permission.
And so it's like, yeah, exactly.
I did this without permission.
And then the second half starts to take.
Because if you haven't checked in about this compulsion,
this engine, like, if the whole time everyone's just going,
like, go, get them, go, get them.
And you're the whole time, you have these little ghosts
in your head.
So then you start to get with nothing else
to destroy you but yourself.
You start to destroy yourself, kind of, like.
A little bit, yeah.
I mean, you know, essentially, I mean,
we were shooting for six seasons.
And it seems like, oh, you're so successful.
I mean, we were successful.
We had a little bit of a budget.
But essentially, we were making extremely low budget
movie in my house for six years.
I was the only writer to ever write on the Guild.
And it was so, and not only with that,
that I did all the social media, all the marketing, all
the appearances, all the coordination.
I mean, I would be on the phone, like, trying to get the cast
to a convention.
Like, where are you?
OK, I'll go meet you outside with a badge.
Like, there was no possible way to delegate in my behavior,
as well as just not having resources.
I mean, we had no resources.
So it looks like we got fancier every year.
But when we did, because everybody's expectation was
higher, but we really had no more resources or support
to make it bigger.
And basically, I did it by just literally working myself
almost to death.
And I would never trade that for anything.
But I don't know if it was the most healthy way to do things,
because when I started adding other things on,
like a company and other projects,
like, that's when I really started to collapse.
Yeah, so I guess I haven't collapsed yet,
but I don't know if I'm going to, like, because, yeah,
then I was like, then the parallel stopped,
because you're like, oh, I figured this out.
And I'm like, wait, how did you figure that out?
Because you're like, because the doctors said, like,
you're getting a horrible heartburn that
could put you at heightened risk of esophageal cancer.
And you're like, well, wait a minute, that's my deal breaker.
I'm not going to affect my, I'll be crazy,
but I'm not going to let it affect my body.
So then you just decided to stop being crazy.
And I'm like, what?
I mean, I just not, if I'm afraid to do like that,
I'm definitely still crazy.
What you said that I can't understand
is that you realize that the, I don't know, paraphrasing you,
but you realize that the things you do are not who you are.
I mean, that is a realization that I intellectually
understand.
And sometimes I feel it in my heart.
But I don't know, especially if you're
a business where you are something to someone
that you're not somebody.
Like if you're in a position where somebody knows you,
and that's fame, and what small amount that I have
in very interesting areas, but like the minute you
are in a situation where your work is basically
in that kind of external validation
is important to getting what you want done,
I think that starts to mess with your head
and your value starts to kind of like be sucked out
onto your skin, your outer self.
I don't know, is that weird?
What?
I've taken it too weird for me in this area.
I mean, I don't know, like I'm a full blown, like,
I didn't know, because my therapist just
starts to use this word workaholic,
and I'm like, well, doesn't that mean productive?
Like I'm not, and it doesn't, it doesn't,
anymore than alcoholic means like, you know, a fun drunk
or, you know, it's like you can be something a holic,
and it doesn't have to be like a super great version of it.
And I guess I've always, I'm like,
this is a serious problem for me,
like that I have to confront now,
that's like the root of everything
that's going wrong in my life.
What are you doing?
I just, I'm just, I don't have,
I don't have an identity outside of what I do at all.
Like this show is a huge part of keeping me sane
because it's a way for me to do something
while that involves being human and fulfilling myself.
But like, so like, because I don't, I don't,
you know, I play, like sort of my therapist,
she's like, what do you do to recharge?
What do you do to fill up?
What do you do to relax as I play video games?
And she's like, okay, so what do you do in the video games?
And I go, whoa, you know, I'm like a witcher and a,
I mean, yeah, there's a lot of shit to be solved there.
These peasants are really put upon.
And she's like, so how is that different?
If the ghoul is a guy from DreamWorks,
how is this different from the life
you just described that's incredibly stressful?
And I was like, well, okay, I guess that you're right.
That would make a good movie.
I don't think that's a good comparison though,
because it's like.
You have you met this guy from DreamWorks?
Well, I'm just saying sports, sports are very intense.
You could get really worked up and stressed out
just playing sports, but no one would say,
you gotta stop playing sports, man.
It's cutting into you.
Well, I think that those people exert themselves.
And also there are probably people
who shouldn't be using sports
because it does stress them out.
But I think that typically people who do physical things,
they exert themselves and then they physically,
like have a catharsis, you know?
Because they wear themselves out and then they go,
and they have no choice but to take those big deep breaths
and relax themselves and set their nervous system
back to zero.
But where I don't, because I know she's right
because I know for a fact that when I'm sitting down
to play a video game, I'm absolutely,
I can't wait to do it.
So you would, so then you think, oh, I'm doing this
to take a break or relax.
But I'm just, like, I'm just using it to avoid,
like I'm using it to-
But what else are you gonna do?
That's a valid code to do.
I mean, like-
That's what I'm saying.
I get pissed off.
I'm like, okay, therapist, what do you do?
You watch The Good Wife every night?
Ah, well-
I mean, how was that better than actually participating
in a story and projecting yourself
as a really hot minor witcher?
If I said that, my therapist would say,
well, I curl up in the, I don't watch TV
and I don't use Facebook.
I curl up in the arms of my lesbian wife
and I'd be like, I wrote it.
She probably really does like watch sunsets and shit.
I mean, how is that better?
Listen, I mean-
Well, because it's two lesbians doing it.
First of all.
Okay, well-
So how is it worse?
I mean, I think that if you find a sense of meaning
in something, and yes, sometimes you just want
a little bit of emptiness, like that's what TV's about.
Well, I think the difference is it's like stimulation
versus like coffee's a stimulant.
And then pot like kind of makes you giggle and fall asleep.
Like I think that-
But she just wants you to have more lesbian pot.
Yeah, yeah, that's the scissoring thing, right?
The, I think she's, I think it's accurate.
I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't, if there wasn't some truth
to what she was saying, like I wouldn't believe it,
but I fit, because I'm miming like
an Xbox controller in my hand, and I'm like,
I, it's like, I was like, oh, I'm gonna,
now I'm gonna do this, because it's like,
I wanna like, I wanna jump over to doing the same thing,
but numb my brain.
I don't, I'm not like taking in,
I'm not like refilling my soul.
But what is-
I don't know how you do that.
I don't, I mean, I think it's relative.
Like what, are you supposed to learn French?
Or go to, go to meet friends?
I find it so ponderous to go out,
if there's not a point to it.
Yeah, I mean, I-
Like if we're not playing board games or bowling,
I don't understand how I'm just supposed to sit there
with a drink in my hand and talk,
more than 30 minutes, I don't know.
I don't know either.
Should I see your therapist?
Do you wanna see her?
Yeah, let's talk to her.
I don't know, now I'm sweating,
because maybe I do want a step than I thought.
Can I, can I, can I just bring you in,
in like a box, and, and she'll be like,
what's in the box?
I'm like, just some more work.
And she goes, mm, workaholic,
still playing those video games.
And we're like, yeah, tell me what you were saying
before again.
And she's like, mm, you gotta,
you gotta hang out with your wife and just watch a sunset.
And then I'll open the box and you'll be like, hello.
Hello, I have an opinion about this.
I got a bone to pick.
If I were playing video games, I would honestly be,
I would be, I would, I would think that I don't feel alive
if I was not learning something.
So I would be like, I'm learning French or Esperanto,
or I learned Mandarin Chinese for six months
because I needed to go to the gym
and it sounded good to do that.
And I-
Is that true?
I did, and I watched a Jet Lee movie
and I picked out seven words and I was like, my God,
I'm amazing.
Seven words?
I'm so amazing.
But they were words like Coca-Cola,
baseball,
I'm so like-
Night bowling.
And punch.
Yeah, well, I don't,
this is a big topic to me.
I want to figure this out,
but I think that you and I both don't have the answer,
but I think that you-
I mean, isn't that just retirements?
I don't know.
I mean, I would feel like I was wasting my life
if I was just, I mean,
looking at a sunset is nice,
but it doesn't need to be all the time,
it should be a treat, right?
And it does always just set.
Like that's all it does.
It's like, boo, like these supermoon people,
like they're not going to be relaxed tonight.
No, that's literally some werewolf is assaulting
an old woman right now because of that moon.
That's a big problem in LA
that we're not talking about enough.
Silver Lake Beards.
Yeah, well-
It'd be awesome if,
I'm sorry, I'm a little high,
but it'd be awesome if you made a,
like a jet that went the exact speed
that the earth rotates
and you could literally just follow a fucking sunset
around the world for until you ran out of gas.
That would be possible.
Wait, is that like a, is it like a,
I missed the top.
Is it like a chair?
You make like a jet and you could just chase
and it was like solar powered.
So you just never had to fucking stop.
And you're just, you're just Johnny Sunset.
You're just always.
Yeah.
Isn't that Apollo?
Like the Greek myth of Apollo is that he did that?
I don't know.
No, I think Apollo's myth is that he had a wagon
with the sun as the wheel.
Oh.
I mean, I don't know if he-
Aurora.
There is, there is a God.
They were a hot God who had sex with the animals did that.
Sounds like Apollo.
Promise.
No, but the thing that I do for relaxation, by the way,
that I feel centered is I watch house hunters
and I see all these stupid bastards
who get to quit their job and moved to Denmark
because they've always wanted to.
And I'm like, I want to do,
one day I'm going to do that.
And then I feel like I've centered myself.
That sounds stressful.
But I, but I think I know what you're talking about.
When I watch intervention,
I'm always like-
Oh, there he goes.
Ah.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Is that that?
Forensic files for me.
I think I, I had never seen one until about two months ago.
I was in Baltimore in a hotel and I started watching it.
At least I could not fucking stop watching forensic.
What is it?
I've never seen it.
It, it's.
Ha ha ha ha.
A fan right there.
You know, really hard to solve cases
and they break down how they eventually solve them.
You know, they use luminol every time.
And then, and then every once in a while,
they can't use luminol because,
the criminal had used a technique to make it luminol proof,
which this show cannot disclose.
Bleach.
Ha ha ha ha.
Like, I like, they're that worried about,
about their show having that effect.
But it's like, come on.
What I'm learning from your show is
if you're going to murder someone, own a boat.
Like, like.
Ha ha ha.
Like, nobody, no crime.
Ashonda Rhimes.
Ha ha ha ha.
What, wait, yeah.
There's, wait, somebody else has a,
Lee Ann, nobody, no crime, Lee Ann Rhimes.
Now that's the same syllables.
What's luminol?
Luminol is a just blood detector.
It's like, if I kill you, or if that guy kills you, let's.
The guy in the Pokemon hat.
You can mop up all the blood and it looks,
you know, it looks like it's gone.
But then they spray luminol and they shine a black light
and it's just like, oh, there's all this blood.
It detects the iron or something like that.
Well, that's good to know.
Is that new?
They didn't have that with murder, she wrote.
Well, she didn't need it.
She had mental luminol.
It's true.
Did you ever see Angela Lansbury as the Queen of Sheba
in like the 60s?
She was hot as F.
She was really hot.
She was beautiful.
She played the Queen of Sheba.
Was it like Cleopatra or was it Queen of Sheba?
I don't remember.
But I've seen photos of her young
and she was really good looking.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I thought you meant like her babies.
Her young.
Yeah.
Yeah, what are you talking about, you guys?
Oh shit, you didn't bring your book out here, did you?
I did.
I didn't bring it, but I got.
Her book's in the, in the green room.
Cause a big, not a big part of your story,
but the recent part of your story.
And we don't have to talk, it's gotten boring
to talk about.
Here it is, guys.
That's my book.
It's a New York Times bestseller.
So they can't take that away from me ever.
Which is pretty awesome.
We could talk about Gamergate for an hour
and just suck the energy out of the room.
Which I, which I, which I don't think is a fair legacy to,
it's 9-11 by the way, yeah.
I don't want you to get the wrong impression,
but we just, we get excited about it.
But, but would you mind reading like,
you have, you have passages in your book
because I think it's funny and also empowering
and kind of subversive of the intent of people
who, who, who, who come after people
under the banner of, of, of, of, of, of, of online, like.
I mean, I could read the beginning of just that chapter,
just about some horrible treats and.
Yeah. Leading up to the, I thought, oh man,
she should read this out loud cause it's sort of like,
because I'm listening to you on the audio book
and hearing you read the comments that people leave.
The intention being for you to, like,
I mean, the way that they speak,
you would think that their intent was for you
to just go and hang yourself or quit forever, judge.
You know, it's like, and it's, it is weird.
The internet is such a sewer.
And then it's so like, like,
for when people get so specific and so targeted,
it's like, wait, are you, when I,
when I heard you reading the stuff out loud,
that I kept thinking like, oh,
this must be their worst nightmare
because these are their words.
And they're supposed to like somehow.
Well, they have a lot of imager pictures
of how it's not completely their words,
except it's just one tweet.
And then of course that discredits my whole argument, but.
But there must be what we know of these people.
Like I think of it, didn't Orwell have some quote about,
if you look at the way people,
the weapons they use to attack people,
then you know everything that scares them.
Like it's just almost sort of an uplifting,
like fairy tale irony to it.
When you see people go after people that hard
and viciously cause you know,
even though it seems cartoonish,
you know that that means that there's something
you could say to them that would make them cry.
Yeah, I mean, I've found, I mean,
the funny thing is before that whole incident
happened last year, I had finished my draft in my book
and there was a chapter about negative comments,
which if I, I'll just read just the first part
and some of the nasty tweets that are out of context
of that incident particularly,
cause I'd rather just not give them more coverage.
But, and so the chapter existed
about trying to weather negativity online
and how, especially because the roots of that particular
incident, that was just a confluence of a bunch of,
you know, basically it was a Chan attack
mixed with some conservatism that gave it a label,
mixed with men's right, addictivists.
And it was like a swirling vortex of literally
the worst of everything coming together to me.
That's my perspective.
And, and so, but the roots of it were sort of a backlash
like we were talking about before of gamer girls.
And I'm sure we've all seen those memes
from like three or four years ago of like gamer girls said,
and it's this girl with the little chunky glasses
like mine, and it's basically mocking her
and saying that essentially that this girl
is adopting these things because somehow
she's trying to get attention or be,
make these gamer guys as sexually attracted to her,
but she's really a fake.
So that was really, I think the roots of sort of
this festering thing that built up over the years
that kind of exploded in that incident particular.
But like I've experienced a lot of this in the chapter
before this even happened.
And it really, you know, several times
I really did want to quit.
You know, I did not want to make videos anymore
and I believed them because underneath,
if you're an artist, you're kind of insecure.
So when you have that many people on mass get together
and say, hey, you're horrible.
And I'll read, you know, just a little bit at the top.
Yeah, it's a good time to quit
if you're not having a great day.
Exactly, yeah, exactly.
So I guess I could read just one page
or something like that.
Okay, I have a folder labeled hate folder.
Yeah, this is the one.
I interrupted you to say.
I got it right.
Guys, I've nailed it.
I have a hate folder labeled hate folder
that sits in the middle of my desktop.
It's where I save screenshots of the worst things
people have said to me online.
50 shades of foolishness.
For some reason, it takes the sting away
to herd all the toxic comments
into the corner of my hard drive,
aggregating the losers I'd like to hunt down in real life
and run over with a dump truck.
Then back up again and run over them again.
Too far, huh?
Okay, if it's too disgusting to say to another human being,
I guarantee that someone has said it to me online.
The internet is amazing because it connects us
with one another, but it's also horrific
because it connects us with one another.
Whether we want the connection or not.
The only real life analogy I can think of
is if a random person were to allow to walk into your home,
punch you in the face while you're eating your oatmeal,
then walk out again with no fear of consequences.
After one incident, you'd be looking for a new zip code,
wouldn't you?
So here's some fun examples of the human awfulness
I've collected over the years.
Ethely Shaday, a woman using her sexuality
to profit from male gamers and pretending
she's empowering women and progressing,
quote unquote, gaming culture.
Her nose is so fucked up.
Did someone hit it with a sledgehammer or what?
Ethely Shaday, congratulations.
You have a vagina and play video games.
Now do something useful.
That's my favorite formula, by the way.
It's like, I don't have a vagina and people tell me I do
and it's really no.
No, but like the people, like if I talk about Minecraft
too much, someone eventually will go,
we get it, you're a celebrity and you do nerdy stuff,
get over yourself.
I'm like, what in the fucking fuck?
Today, somebody called me.
Yeah, they called me the Kim Kardashian of Nerddom
and I'm like, I'm not nearly that successful.
But it's that we get it thing, you
shouldn't be allowed to, that doesn't make any sense.
Like, hey Steve, we get it, you get a cap on
and you're sitting behind a microphone.
Like it just sounds like Ben there, done that.
Oh, we get it, you're lowering your mic.
Oh, we get it, the cap's back on.
Win, I can't win.
Oh, we get it, you can't win.
It's not fair.
It's like the Agent Orange of criticism.
Well, it's almost like people who are probably
shamed for what they love, trying to shame somebody else
for those exact same things.
It's a little bit unproductively and ironic,
but in her fault, it really is her fault
because I think at the end of the day,
like I am who I am because I was rejected a lot
and I never felt like I belonged anywhere.
And now that I have been able to break out of that
and show people that it's acceptable and be,
I guess, more mainstream or more visible,
then I have people telling me that, hey,
you're just a sellout and you're pandering
and you don't believe any of this
or you're useless and your nose, let's see.
If you honestly think Felicia Day worked hard
to get where she is, eat a bowl of fucking nails.
That's not even the worst ultimatum.
It really is, eating nails.
Eat a bowl, oh, fine.
I mean, I'll get by.
It's not like, yeah.
Sorry, everybody.
He's bad at insults.
Spencer grew up on a farm and he has one
of those cylindrical super magnets in his stomach.
Oh, really?
Because he grazes by the fence posts.
He eats a lot of nails.
It's just a fact of life in CME Valley.
And I get through it.
So he thinks everyone has a magnet in their stomach
that lets them eat nails.
Well, anybody could.
That's what counts.
That's all I'm saying.
I have a lot of thoughts.
Conspiracy websites?
I really don't.
I didn't even, earlier, a couple episodes ago,
we asked if I had any conspiracy theories.
And I was like, nope.
But apparently, I have one.
Michael Hastings.
No, no, I think most conspiracies are kind of,
you know, they, well, everyone knows about conspiracies.
They work backward from the result they want to achieve.
Yeah.
Do you want me to read more of this?
Yeah, I think there's a C word coming, right?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You want me to read more of them?
Are you going to give me to say this word on, OK, I got.
Why do gamer girls always use the term nerdy geek and gamer?
Can't Felicia Day just shut the fuck up?
She's nothing but an attention whore
that uses her gender as a key for attention.
Tell me, would you have subscribed
to this channel if Felicia Day wasn't a girl?
If you say yes, you're a fucking idiot.
Someone tell that red-headed cunt that the kitchen's
down the hall and not front of the camera.
All right.
That's like a 16-year-old using, like,
1960s cat skill comedy that he would, if his dad said that,
he'd be like, dad.
It'd be like Father Knows Best.
You could see, like, Frank, what is that guy's name?
Fred Murray?
I hate him.
He's dead, right?
That's my three sons.
Fred McMurray?
Fred McMurray.
Father Knows Best was Robert Young.
Robert Young.
OK.
No, that's Freddie Krueger.
Did you know that Fred McMurray never
was in the same room with those children, though?
Like, he would shoot all of his sons?
Yes, he would shoot all of his scenes in advance,
like, in a separate unit.
And then it would be a double with most of the things.
He'd come in and do a couple.
No, I think that was William Frawley, who was also in the show.
But he.
Oh, it was William Frawley?
Yeah.
Why did he do it?
Did he hate children?
He just didn't want to do the show.
He would, yeah, he would shoot all his stuff out
in, like, you know, like a couple days,
and they would just fake it.
All right.
Well, let's spread another rumor that's not true, Felicia.
About 50s dead people.
Can you just pick to do that?
You're like, eh, fuck all these other actors.
I'll just put me in a box and I'll do two days.
Didn't that happen on The Good Wives, though?
The Good Wives?
She's CGI'd the last scene of Collindo?
Oh, yeah, I heard about that.
Yeah.
Those monsters.
Not the women, the CGI'ers.
Anyway, CGI'ers?
Do you want me to read more?
I don't know if you have any favorites.
No, I feel like I'm putting you through those meat grinders
now.
No, I totally read.
I mean, essentially, the rest of it is, you know.
Oh, no, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's, it's.
They were the good, the good one is the tweets.
Like, I, you know, I'll see something like that every day,
but then I'll see hundreds of more positive comments.
And you know, the cool thing is that I just went on book tour
and I went to 13 cities and, you know,
going out in the world is strange to me.
But the coolest thing was there were so many guys who came up
and bought the book and they were like,
I'm buying this for my niece who's 13,
or I'm buying this for my daughter who's 16.
And I just love the idea that there were these fathers
and, and guys who were, who didn't really know what to do
for these girls who were at this age that you probably
would abandon the cool things that you might love,
like, you know, gaming or anything,
anything that made them feel less popular or likable,
that they wanted to give them any tool that they could find
to be as who they are.
And I think that was the coolest thing that I learned.
Teresa thinks to the way they were in 1983 when it was like,
look, we're too nerdy to be caring about something
that our, like, our World War II, like, like,
now I'm denigrating vets.
We've got Tejano stars and vets.
I've got Nick Harmon down,
and a bunch of guys come up with like the caps
and they're just like, why, and they're like,
and they're like, why did you say that?
You're terrible.
We fought for your country.
No, but I was, I'm just saying like that, that era,
it's like, why are these like, like, we're dead,
we can't possibly, our nerds that successful now
that we're able to like split down into like camps.
And I don't think so.
I think these are people that are having a bad day
or something and they're like,
because it seems like from what they're saying,
it's just almost like comedically over targeted.
Like to me, one of the worst things I hear
are when people are like, you know, it's the whole math thing.
It's like, like, that's, it's like, well, who cares?
Like, fuck you, I'm bored with you or what?
You know, if you really, if you really,
really, really do dislike somebody,
well, I always say like the opposite of love isn't,
hate, it's apathy.
Like it's the silence that hurts people like us
more than the attention.
And it's the, I mean, when you, when you like come
after somebody, I just think, I think that it's so,
it's so, the thing that's really weird about it is
because I have a 15 year old misogynistic little prick
inside of me.
I can access it.
And I have one of the trunk of my car too.
I have jars of them in my basement.
But like, I can run that simulator.
It's not that, it's not like the circuitry
isn't able to go down there with a couple of switch flips.
And, and when I run that simulation,
I'm like, like the thing that outrages me is like,
why is everybody trying to make something that's like mine
and personal and fucking awesome.
And it's all about being radical
and honeycomb hat out.
Like, like, like, what is all this bullshit talk
about apologizing and backpedaling and sensitivity
and all this shit.
It's like, it's just like, like, like,
and it's, the weird thing is no one,
no one had to be doing that until,
and it's just like this weird syndrome of,
okay, the culture grew to the point where,
okay, there's points of overlap where somebody says something
and then somebody reacts in a weird way.
And then it requires like the talk about sensitivity.
It requires all that stuff.
It's like, you ruined it, you know?
Like, like, like the person who has that complaint.
It's like, it's like, you, now it's necessary
for somebody who wants their niece to grow up
in a, you know, in an environment where she can flourish.
They have the responsibility on them to do things
like stand behind you publicly if you get doxxed
or whatever and say like, this is fucked up
and you guys are fucked up
and fuck you Adam Baldwin and whatever.
Like, like, let's do it.
I got you, I got you.
I got your back.
Because if you don't, now you're like not.
It just pisses me off because I'm always the kind of person
who I like to be genderless in a sense that I am,
I'm not putting, you know, a gender,
like amending girl game.
Like that's not something that I need to do
because that essentially gives gamer the default to guys,
right?
So that's just the way I think.
I don't, but what kind of enrages me is that
there is an increasing need for women
to have their own esports league
or women to have their own thing in order to be,
and they've shown studies that makes women more confident
to participate in things that are not traditionally
female-driven, which I'm like, no, just get up there.
Be one of the guy, you know, be there and be equal
and be represented as a person.
But there is this need on the internet,
especially when you're in little ecosystems
to call people other, you know.
Oh, you're other, your race is different,
your sexuality is different, your gender is different,
and you should be ashamed of the differences.
That is essentially where the kind of power,
I guess, is motivated because there are different kinds
of people coming into these worlds
with different opinions.
And then you have people saying,
we should be hypersensitive to the differences,
and then you have other people going like,
I'm hypersensitive to the idea of hypersensitivity.
Well, yes.
And then it's just like round and fucking round.
We go because it's when the, it's when the,
it's when the frustrated like, like semi-moderate people
who had nothing but suppressable rage
that could have, could have remained suppressed
until they were 40, but they're, you know,
it's coming out because they're like,
they're being asked to pick a side
and an issue that doesn't have to be an issue.
Like the whole every, it's almost like everyone is agreeing
that we don't want to live in a world
where we have to have the fucking conversation 24 hours a day.
Well, that was the whole thing I wrote a blog post about,
you know, it was the kind of an essay
about how at the height of Gamergate,
like we need to stop doing this and we all love gaming
and we need to show a positive face.
And when I saw, you know,
because of so much hatred that I was getting,
I was like, you know, I saw some guys in some gamer shirts
and I would assume that we would have been like, yeah,
high five.
And then I was just like,
I don't want to deal with it.
I don't want to treat, you know, just kind of,
and it was almost unconscious.
And I realized because people were really attacking me
and shaming me and that these,
those kind of comments were like 20 times, you know,
at the height of that incident,
I was subconsciously changing my behavior based on
someone basically fucking up what I love,
a culture that I love and something that I love.
And I've always wanted to spread the love of
and show people, hey, gaming,
I mean, I spent the most time rewriting
the real world of Warcraft thing
because I really wanted to show people how awesome
it was to play MMOs
and how fun it could be and somebody aunt could read it
and understand why their, you know,
nephew would like these kinds of things.
So during that, that's why I wrote that essay,
which led to people posting my address online
and a lot of people now just saying,
I'm afraid of gamers,
which is like literally the opposite of what I said,
factually.
Right, and your thesis wasn't even,
this is another misunderstanding.
When people talk about these subjective experiences,
they're not saying this thing happened to me
that is a crime that needs to be punished.
They're saying this is the experience
that is happening to me subjectively.
And I, you know, I am a big fat,
straight white bearded male at a middle age
that has never had anything but good fortune,
but being in the spotlight,
it's nothing to complain about,
even the negative parts of it,
but it is, when, you know,
when you've run afoul of the public
and people are tweeting at you around the clock,
you should kill yourself.
No one likes you.
Why the fuck are you in my newspaper?
You dumb piece of shit.
The guy was fletched.
Why are you doing this?
Like, like, like, like,
and it's just like, it erodes at your psyche
and there's nothing to, I deserved it,
like, but it's important to note like how much,
it freaks you the fuck out.
So if you do happen to be like me,
but have a vagina and have people that have wieners,
like saying, like, like adding that edge to it
where they're like, I know where you live,
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
I had somebody yesterday, like, at a convention
and this guy came up and it was like,
I love the furniture in your house.
And like, and at the time, you know, you're signing,
I'm signing hundreds of autographs.
I'm like, oh, you know, that makes me uncomfortable.
And I'm like, and I sign it and I go away.
And then I looked at that guy, the handler with me,
I was like, did you just really say that?
And then I'm like, okay, A, he's trying to freak me out
because he's trying to use the power, you know,
just either he's a troll and he's like, look what I did guys.
I went up and, you know, said this or, you know,
there's a possibility like, could somebody have a camera?
Like, it has to go through my mind
because I've literally had people in my house.
I have restraining orders against people who are,
you know, have taken it so far and to imply that
those kind of threats aren't as, you know,
emotionally damaging and also potentially threatful,
especially if you're in a public forum
and even the internet can find where you live.
Like, this is a real thing.
There's been actual dudes in your house.
Yeah, there has been a person, yes.
That's not the thing that you're,
when you write that blog entry,
you're, that's not what you're taught.
You don't, you don't lead with that.
That's not the bad you're wearing.
It's not about crimes committed
and recompense needing to be done.
You're saying that in that, in that blog entry,
you're going, how did this fucking happen to our culture?
Yeah, everybody needs to stop being hateful
because you're making gamers look like assholes.
Like that's what, the point of that was,
and especially from a point of like,
we all love this together.
Let's figure it out and agree to disagree with respect
because it just got to the point where it was crazy.
And thank goodness a lot of people have spoken up,
especially leaders in gaming
and like gaming companies are taking it seriously.
And it just like, to me, I love it.
And I want people to know that gaming is amazing.
And, you know, that really is a future of our entertainment
is gaming.
I just went to this thing called The Void
and literally I put on some onoculus and a backpack
and I ran through a maze
and I thought I was in like a sky room.
I'm not kidding.
Look up The Void.
It really, I did it in person.
It might be the most amazing thing I've ever experienced.
And I realized we are going to be living in all of worlds
that intersect with nobody else's
or we will be adventuring truly in the worlds
that we want to escape to now, just in passive fiction.
And in 20 years, it's going to be crazy.
Have you put on the valve thing?
The valve thing is nothing compared to this
because I was actively running through.
I'm not, I'm not kidding.
Okay, well, I've died, the valve is the top
that I've experienced so far.
Just look up The Void.
What's this thing called?
It's called The Void.
What are those treadmills?
No, no, no.
It's a literal, no, it's like,
it's like a paintball arena.
This guy knows.
Just look up The Void.
It's like, it got three million views on it.
Wait, is it AR or VR or a TR?
It's VR.
It's like a holodeck.
So you have an oculus on, which is not,
it's not, it's like a customized oculus
and a backpack, basically.
And you put it on and you turn it on
and you literally step through a portal
and you're in an Indiana Jones ruins
or you're on a spaceship and it feels,
and you're shooting.
It's not hard to stand up.
No.
I noticed the first time I tried oculus rift
when it first came out,
it would make me really nauseous a lot of time.
Same with me.
This one you're literally walking through
and there's, so basically they're skinning.
They're skinning the walls and they're skinning seats
so that if you look at a seat,
like it's a green block, right?
In reality or like a gray block,
but in my oculus, it looks like
a archeological tomb and really you could feel it
and it looks like you're feeling,
I'm not kidding guys.
I think there's a fire, they have a heater.
Yeah, there's a fire, they also have a wind
so you look out on a waterfall
and you have wind in your face
and you in the game think you are looking
at a goddamn waterfall.
And there's a salad bar and it's got.
Yeah.
It has a, and there's a, there's a,
there's real salad in there, but then,
but to you it looks like chilled monkey brains.
Oh, I remember the snake surprise.
I remember that guy in Temple of Doom.
That guy loved to scary food.
I was like, sir, have you ever had a Snickers bar?
Like, I understand.
You would have been great on fear factor.
I understand the idea is that there's cultural definitions
and there's some things that are scary to us.
Maybe you find delicate, but, but, but,
but these are baby snakes slithering around.
And I understand even maybe you'd go,
oh, I like to eat these, you know, I'm used to them.
But he's like, snake surprise.
He's so, he can't, he's like, chilled monkey brains.
I'm like, I feel like you're protesting.
Like, like, like, like, so, so if I bring the,
the, the, the wedge iceberg, you know,
the iceberg wedge over to you
with just some nice ranch on it,
would he go like, it's just no monkey brains.
Maybe.
Did you do the valve oculus with the kitchen though?
Did you do that?
Yeah.
What did you automatically do when you opened the fridge?
I broke all the eggs.
I threw them into the wall.
Well, I, okay.
He dropped the carrot in the pot.
You know, well, I also,
That's all he did.
I also, and, and everybody under 18,
like plug your ears not for what you, what you think,
but I just want to share something with my, my,
my fellow, my generation buddy.
I, I, within three minutes,
I was, I, I, I was trying to slip my throat with the knife.
Wow.
I was, I was like, I was like,
Did you see if you could do it?
Yeah. I was just like, well, that's a real knife.
Like, like, but it's not, it's literally my throat.
Well, this isn't real. This is shit.
Dangerous technology.
But I mean, it was like, fucking, I'm making soup.
No.
Oh, I wish you were here.
I was trying to explain that to Jeff Davis who was
usually sits over there and he's like,
when would I?
Is it like the crude tons a real?
Did they, did they use a reganod sauce?
I'm like, Jeff, you'd have to say this,
not it's not realistic soup.
I'm saying you're can two people put on VR goggles
and go into the same space.
No, I was in there.
I was in the void with another person
and I saw the halo that she was kind of in a halo
and she was shooting and I was shooting.
I was like, there's a spider behind you.
And I was shooting her and she was like,
There was not friendly fire, basically, in that situation.
No, but that's the next term.
I mean, does that make you as a storyteller, like, want to tell something?
Like, do something storytelling-y in that?
What?
Are you okay?
I don't even know.
Get ready for a surprise!
Thanks.
Thanks, Bill.
Thanks everyone born in 1973.
Thank you.
Total recall.
The original.
No, it really freaks me out.
It excites me and kind of scares me because I'm like, oh my god, since the Lumiere brothers
we have been, like, every all storytelling has been like through a two-dimensional pain.
And it's like...
Yeah!
Teresa Lumiere, everybody.
It's her birthday.
She's 130 years young.
She was the DP on horse walking out of a warehouse.
Please put your hands together for her.
The diva of...
Oh, wait, no.
The fem...
The fem of...
Fuck it.
Is it too, like, an alliterate?
The fem-photel of photography.
Look if you look at me.
The...
Storytelling.
Well, yeah, because it's like, oh, this is so exciting, but then I'm like, oh, if anything
puts me out of business, it's like, I might not be able to make that leap.
Might not.
Listen how pretentious I am.
Evil Knievel might not make that canyon.
That might be the grandest canyon of all.
I may have to hang up my American flag helmet.
They thought Bigfoot would get me, but...
That's a $6 million Mayhem reference.
The...
Yeah, it's weird because what's going to happen is we're going to understand...
You're going to have to write stories even more so, like, beyond like David Mamet, you
know, writing how people talk as an audience is watching a stage.
You're going to have to just create...
You're going to have to become an expert at creating awkward moments, I think, because
you're going to want to...
Like, new stories will be like, though, you know, I'm not saying we won't still enjoy watching
people run from explosions and make dynamite out of chewing gum or whatever, but fighting
werewolves, but the technology is going to be really, really, really good at, you know,
you walking into a party and like, you're just noticing things and you're just a flop.
You know, that's what we like to do.
Well, this is kind of like, what is your therapist going to say?
Because I personally think as a gamer, like, people will be more drawn to doing things
and group.
Like, literally going on vacation.
We're also relaxing things.
I think my therapist, because I really...
You're bagging on her a lot and I want you guys to get along.
I want...
You'd like her if you met her.
No.
She could watch a virtual set with her lesbian wife.
I think if...
She's not...
She's not like a ludite about it.
She's like...
If I was playing like, pop the...
Pop the...
Pop the cherries or whatever.
Pop...
Yeah.
Like, like, like, like, like...
Pop the cherry.
Pop...
Pop the bubbles on the...
On the frog world.
You know, like, like, something on my iPad that was like, if I told her, it relaxes me
and I could be honest about that, she'd be like, great, why don't you go play that iPad
and relax yourself.
But, you know, she knows and I know that I'm like, I'm going like, I got so many monsters
to kill.
I got to...
I got to get that special armor for that horse, so until I do that, I was like, ring,
ring.
That's UTA.
Hello?
Yeah.
I'm going to write that screenplay.
I'm going to write a real good scene.
But first I got to talk to Chris McCann and I'm going to do it.
I'm going to write the thing for Universal and I'm going to write the thing for Fox.
And if I do that, keep my studio running, I'm going to get $3.9 million a year overhead
and I'm going to say, okay, I got to get that special armor, I got to get that special armor.
I'm going to be a success here and I'm going to be a success there.
And it's not going to be any different, see, except this is faster and it's better than
I thought.
Okay.
Oh, I just knotted off.
I walked into a wall.
Oh, shit.
And I just like, play it until I'm asleep and then I go like, okay, I'll go to bed now.
Maybe.
And I go, I'm awake.
I'm awake.
Got to go to work.
I don't have time to do anything.
Okay.
All right.
What's, why am I Joe Pesci?
Why am I?
Why?
Why am I this little tiny, like, methed out Jewish producer?
I want to dame in every picture, see?
But I, you're not allowed to smoke cigars anymore, so I'm vaping and it's not working.
I do a lot of vaping in my car, see?
I want a movie about vaping.
I see a six-picture deal.
I see Hasselhoff.
I see Ringo Starr.
I see Bethlehem.
Why do I see Bethlehem?
How fucked up, guys?
Wow.
Don't, don't applaud.
That was a written character.
Don't applaud it.
I wrote that three weeks ago.
I'm doing a one-man show.
What's it called?
Billy Crystal.
Colin.
The characters I am.
Jesus.
And it's like 90 characters, including the old blues man.
When I was playing the blues, I used to play the blues so good.
Thank you.
Now, the old blues woman.
When I was playing the blues, oh, wow, this is great, $60 a seat.
This is more than comedy.
This is kind of art, because he's drinking water in between his sentences.
I got food in the mic, I got so excited.
I still don't understand how, because I play video games and I get relaxed, but if I play
like competitive games, I get horrible ass of reflux and I can't, I can't do it.
Like I play here as a storm with my brother, I'm like, God damn it, get behind the creeps.
You stupid girl, you stupid.
Oh, dude, I don't play.
I can't do it.
I can't.
Well, I had so, I had one experience where I was playing a Left 4 Dead one.
That was scary.
And I just accidentally stumbled into like this group of like, you know, I didn't ask
because I was middle-aged and it would have been weird to ask this, even no matter what,
but it was like, I got the sense that I stumbled into a group of younger guys that knew each
other from high school and that were either gay or bi or something, because they just
like, they seemed, they just, they weren't calling me faggot every five seconds is one
thing that I was like, I think these guys are gay, because they're not fucking calling
me a faggot.
They call you the N word, they call you the N word.
I'm like, I do not have that honor, sir.
I shot you again.
God damn it.
And you're trying to argue with them like the guys are like, fuck you, I shot you again
and they're like, here's the thing, like shut up, faggot.
And I'm like, nice one, like, nice one, and I'm like, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
Like you can't, I'm like, I fucking want an Emmy, I want an Emmy.
Was it a, was it a faggot Emmy, no, best music and lyrics, so it was beat the Muppets.
Look it up.
It was the best.
We get it.
You want an Emmy.
So good.
Callback podcast, you know what, all right, let's, hey, will you, I don't know if you're
into gaming or anything, will you stay out here and play, and play a shadow run with
us for 10 minutes?
Oh, the new one?
It's a new one?
Well, no, it's the expansion, the Tokyo or Hong Kong, we get it, you play shadow run.
I'm actually in the game.
We've been, well, you're talking about like the shadow run electronic, the actual, like
the video game.
Oh, we play, we play like, we're playing like, analogs.
Oh, that's cool, sure.
I actually, well, I produce a show where we do D&D live on Twitch called Critical Role,
and it's because I played a campaign for three years just for fun, for my old improv group,
you know, and I played a high charisma, very low intelligence sorceress, who would just
be like, fireball, I don't care, I don't care you're standing there, I need a fireball,
I got three mobs, you're dead.
I think I've worked for you at NBC.
That sounded like so many conference calls, and I'm like, is DeMorge here, DeMorge, you
want to be back there, you want to, DeMorge Brown, hello, I know, is that, is that enough
people, I can never figure this out, I think so, but you always say it that way, and then
that makes it sound like there could, I don't know, what, there's enough people, see, that's,
that's exactly what we need.
All right, well, who said that, come on up, exuberant, exuberant man.
Whoa, boldness.
He's taking the hard way up.
Yeah.
My dog chewed on my glasses.
What's your name, sir?
My name is Dewey.
Dewey.
You look like a Dewey.
Thank you, I was named after John Candy's character in Stripes, and I was the top of
the figure, oh wow, wow, a kid named after a character in a movie I saw when I was 20.
I'm going to just dig a hole, lay down, and hand you the shovel, because my back will
hurt from digging the hole, I remember when Steve Martin was hosting the Oscars, I like,
I like talking to the young creatives of today because it reminds me of my death.
Well, welcome Dewey, thanks for coming up, well, I don't, it's not like you're doing
it as a favor, you shout it out, I want to be up there.
You're welcome Dewey, is what I should be saying.
I have a little self-control.
I've noticed.
Have you actually played Shadowrun before, Dewey?
Oh, not in my life.
Well, you're unqualified, get out the stage, no, I have no experience.
The kitchen's behind the camera, it'll be a wild card.
Okay, so Felicia will give you the first choice, you could be, the character my wife usually
plays who's like the face man, god damn it, I can never get his name straight.
What?
I can't remember Erin's character's name, it's Mercy O'Donnell, she's sort of like,
she's like the smart talker, like she gets us the jobs and stuff and like kinds of people
and stuff.
Alright, that's not bad.
Jeff Davis' character's Eve Libertine, she's like a sprightly fucking, I don't even know,
wizard.
She's a mage.
Give this down to Demorige, because he's here.
Nah, we don't have any Deckers, they're actually really complicated, so not like that, but,
but, so none of these guys actually know how to play Shadowrun, so, and then there's like
a mob doctor named Dr. Friend.
I don't want to be the doctor, I'll be, Mercy O'Donnell, the face man, or the face lady,
or, I'll be the face lady, that's not, I like having a high, a lot of skills where I talk
my way through things.
Okay, so, and then what do you want to be, the doctor, or, oh yeah, well just, we'll
have, hand that down to Steve Agee, and then hand this down to Dewey, Dewey you're going
to be Dr. Friend.
All right, all right, um, you know how to play Shadowrun?
The contractual timer.
You're learning?
Okay.
Yeah, shit man.
So uh, yeah, I mean it's um, we never know what's going on, I don't remember what we
did last time, we're always this drunk when we start playing.
There's like a drawing from Rick and Morty here, look at that, is this how, is this
where it happens?
Yeah, yeah, so we don't have any musical cue, I'd assume, right, that's fine.
Don't worry.
Oh shit.
I just want to confirm verbally.
All right, I'll give you a little something.
I mean, wow, my phone just turned blue.
Have you ever seen a blue screen on an iPhone?
Yeah, well the new one came out, so, yeah, yeah, good point, so all of these are dying.
Well it's a good thing that nothing happened last week, um, I was going to read Jason
Clymer, he's the one who recapped the last time we needed a recap, I was going to read
his recap because it said, the gang walked around in a storage facility arguing about
what they should do, Eve Libertine sent out some crickets, nothing happened, end of recap.
Yeah, it was something like that.
All right, so we got, we got a lot of fresh faces, so I'll do like a real, like an actual
verbal not prepared recap, so you had entered store quest, the storage facility, a multi-floored
storage facility, you walked in the front door and started a costing, a costing the,
I guess the cashier at the storage facility, and then you murdered him in cold blood.
After that happened, you walked through the door that you could have always walked through
the whole time without killing anybody, sending out some crickets, you tried to search for
your quarry, your quarry was a big load, a big storage container full of MP3s, MP3s
that were locked by specific, very high security musical locks.
If you recall, you learned perfect pitch from a strange conservatory for the sole purpose
of defeating these musical locks.
What the fuck are you talking about?
They're locks that unlock with music.
Okay.
Well, yeah, it's pretty straightforward.
Okay, that's it.
That's all that happened.
You guys were arguing.
You're standing there in the floor.
There's a dead guy in the other room.
There's cameras everywhere.
You don't know, you know, yeah.
You were just talking to Hat Guy, who's the, on the, on the phone.
Yeah.
Hat Guy or Hat Guy?
Hat Guy.
It's like Hawkeye, but hacking.
Okay.
Got you.
It's a bad joke.
Yeah.
Hey, Hat Guy, are you, I think what the conversation we're having is, were you able to parse the,
any information to give us more, you know, zero in on the.
No.
I mean, I told you that there's no of that, there's none of that information available.
It's, there's nothing like that.
I mean, you're looking for a vault that's locked with me.
I don't know what you're saying, man.
You're looking, you're looking through a vault, you're looking for a vault that's locked with
musical locks, right?
Musical locks, maybe different than other locks.
Let me, let me look this shit up.
I've literally never heard of a musical lock in all of my shadow running days, but I will
look it up and get back to you.
Okay.
I'll just walk around and look at all the locks.
All right.
You do that.
You see, you see a vault that's locked with large, large magenta locks.
Hey guys, check it out.
It's not like any lock I've ever seen.
Looks like one of those musical locks.
Is this going to open if I sing?
Like is it that kind of musical lock?
I don't know.
Do you smell egg on the lock because I have a mother's egg allergy and it says here and
I could not be near egg.
No.
There's no eggs.
I might suggest that one of us possibly to start off singing a tone, a pure tone like
we've just learned to see if the lock moves or adjusts in any way.
I was in Chokwaya.
So.
Ice cream.
Nothing happens.
Whether it works or not, it was a beautiful song.
I'm going to look at this lock with my image medical verification monocle.
I have a spy monocle.
You do.
It reveals several details about the lock's construction.
Holy shit.
One, the lock's casing is made just of regular ass plastic.
And two, on the back of the lock is engraved a specific, there's a very specific set of
words, almost like a sentence or a message.
The words they say, Frankie Franks, album one track two.
Oh.
Frankie Franks.
Frankie Franks, album one track two.
We got to find that album and that track.
We already have it.
Yeah, the cricket brought it back.
The cricket brought it back.
Wait, the cricket brought back an mp3?
Yeah.
Let's play that shit.
All right, I'll put it, put somebody put it in there, player.
I do not have an mp3 on me, but I have a moderate egg allergy.
So please.
I have a skill soft that I could apply it to.
So if we apply it to that, I could actually play it possibly.
Yeah, man.
You can jack it into your brain hole.
Great.
It was Saturday night and you were standing by the window.
It's very beautiful.
I said, I love that look on you.
The lock snaps open.
I can't believe we took all those fucking lessons together.
Those fucking children.
As the roller door rolls open automatically, you see stacks of note boxes upon boxes full
of mp3 data chips.
It's a real mother load.
These are very valuable, I believe.
It's the best Christmas dinner I ever had.
That's a clip from the diehard trilogy video game on the first PlayStation.
Was that the arcade game where you were like fighting?
Yeah, well, there was three diehard games.
One was like crazy taxi.
One of them, you're just running around like a top down third person thing.
I loved that one.
And when you found, when you'd find health ups, sometimes you'd say random things,
one of them being, it's the best Christmas dinner I ever had.
And then when you got hit, sometimes you'd go, all things being considered,
I'd rather be a Philadelphia.
Mp3 chips, more than you can carry on your own.
We can carry all of these.
More than that.
I still believe we can carry all of these.
Okay, sorry, I missed that part.
We can't carry all of these?
I believe we can carry all of these.
I start eating these Mp3 chips so that they sit in my stomach.
Quickly, Dr. Frank, please ascertain if they're made of egg in any way.
They're not.
Do some sort of scan.
Oh no, you could just tell by looking at them.
These are the egg-free ones.
Oh good.
Is it possible to load the data from them without using the physical casing?
Oh yeah, you could definitely rip all of them, but it takes some time.
I'll be right back.
I've got an idea.
I'm going to go to the outside.
Oh, we came here in an Uber, right?
Yep.
Shit, I come back.
I had an idea, but I kept picturing us as having a car.
Maybe you should get one.
Well, you know, but we drink a lot, and I think that all things considered,
I think we're saving a lot.
That's not how driving works in the future.
They let you do it drunk?
Yeah.
The computer doesn't for you, man.
Guys, we got to get a car.
Maybe we can take all of these MP3 pairs and sell one and buy a car.
I'm scared someone will hack our onboard computer in the car and kill us.
All right, okay.
All right, hold on.
I know a guy that died.
I'll be right back.
I got a second idea.
I run out.
I'm looking for a car, just a stranger's car.
All right.
Because, you know...
Oh, so it's a storage...
Yeah, they even find a car.
It is a storage facility.
I would think that there was a lift or a cart of some kind.
There's like a loading dock.
I mean, there's carts.
You don't know where they are, though, because you killed the guy.
I'm going to use my knowledge as a former law enforcement officer,
including my undercover training as a criminal.
My back story is very complicated,
and along the way, I certainly learned how to hotwire a car.
I have a cellular glove maker.
So I would make a glove that can lift everything and float it away.
You couldn't make a glove that strong.
The glove maker is for fingerprints and stuff.
It's for spoofing fingerprints.
Okay, so this is not going to work.
How about you load the chips into me?
That's a great idea.
That's your solution to everything.
Then I'll be your jukebox, your carrying facility, your transporter.
But someone would have to pull out weapons and guard the door,
and someone would have to feed at the same time.
I've noticed that I can increase my body.
Could I possibly get larger and carry more?
Yeah, definitely.
It'll help you somewhat.
You do that.
You get too larger.
I pick up twice as many chips as before.
Well, that's not how the math works out.
You pick up 45% more chips.
You're still not nearly to catgathering them all, though.
It's going to take some time.
The car, it gets hot wired.
Best Christmas dinner I ever had.
Where are you going?
I was getting a handle.
Where am I?
You're outside the place.
I'm going to drive through the doors and up to the storage unit.
I'm going to flip a bitch.
Is that still a phrase?
Yeah.
And then I'm going to back in through the doors.
So it's like, from their point of view, I said I'll be right back.
After that first fuck-up, which was a little embarrassing.
Over time, they'll forget it, though.
Because the second time, I said, now I got a different idea.
And I left, and then...
And I came through.
It's kind of cool.
Yeah, your car smashes through the loading dock.
It arrives.
It pulls to a stop right outside the thing.
You guys call it a car guy?
No, we didn't.
But awesome.
He did when he's suave.
He's not French.
He's going to be suave.
I have a...
Open the trunk.
Let's start shoveling this shit out.
And I would like to use my adrenaline boost to help both in strength and in velocity,
as I move these faster and faster and faster.
Both your strength and your velocity are improved by your adrenaline boost
as you load mp3 chips into the trunk of a car.
Soon, all the chips are loaded in the car.
Excellent.
It was great.
Imagine being the guy that grew two sizes.
Yeah, there's no decreased body on my list.
Do I need to walk home or...?
Hop on the roof, dude.
You can disperse it if you want.
I want?
If you want.
Yeah, I do.
Very much.
That happens.
Turning to normal size, you realize you could fit in this car.
You hear Hakai buzzing in on your earpieces.
He's like, hey man, I was looking up musical locks and I was slipping.
I didn't kill the live video feed that gets sent to the police station.
So, you got about 30 seconds before this place is surrounded.
Get in the car, get in the car.
They're playing.
But wait, so the cops are going to know what we look like forever?
Oh, I mean, they already know what you look like.
We're shadow runners.
Okay.
Everybody in.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I feel like someone did not do their job properly.
Yeah, I fucked up.
All right, let's talk about it later.
In his defense, we always forget to bring him, because he's a non-player character.
Everybody in?
Yep.
All right.
Wee.
All things considered, rather than being Philadelphia.
Cliff Hagger.
Felicia Day, everybody.
You know her, you've docked her.
Get her booked.
You're never weird on the internet.
Almost.
Yeah.
Check it out.
It's four and a half hours at 1.25 speed.
DeMorge Brown, Dewey, Dewey Newcomb, Steve Agee.
Dan Harmon.
Justin Marshall, our feral audio producer.
Zach, the audio maniac, Kris Boruff on the camera manning.
Kevin Day, Felicia's cousin, who's met him, I think, five times in his life, who is responsible
for making this streaming stuff happen.
Thank you, Kevin, and who probably was our connection to Felicia.
Yeah, thank you guys so much.
We'll see you next week.
Get any of that.
Feral audio.